Master_thesis_project

During my master studies in the scope of my project, I have imaged neurons under fluorescent light, as a result created a large dataset. This folder contains a selection of the codes I have written for the extensive analysis of this dataset.

The topic: The calcium-modulated photoactivatable ratiometric integrator (CaMPARI) is a [Ca2+] sensor that achieves time specific neuronal activity marking by the implementation of [Ca2+] dependency together with photo-activatability in its structure. Green fluorescent CaMPARI protein (default state of CaMPARI), converts to red fluorescent CaMPARI protein -in other words marks the neuron- only when user controlled violet light illumination coincides with elevated intracellular [Ca2+] levels (increase [Ca2+] concentration means the neurons is spiking). We examined the relationship between the photoconversion rate and the applied violet light.

Using while cell patch clamp method, neurons were stimulated to fire predetermined amount of action potentials (APs) while being exposed to violet light. Before and after each stimulation sequence (delivered stimuli differed from sequence to sequence in an increasing fashion: 1st 10 AP’s, 2nd 20 AP’s, 3rd 50 AP’s, 4th 100 AP’s, 5th 250 AP’s, 6th 450 AP’s, 7th 650 AP’s, 8th 850 AP’s.) photos of the neurons were captured under GFP-L (green) and G-2A (red) filter. Dataset consisted of these images. Pixel brightness value was taken as the indirect measurement for the protein amounts. Therefore, images as the main datates was analyzed by the codes I have written for the project.